Miss Qin Miss Qin
You all solved it
Or are we all dead?
Of course. Problem solved.
Don't worry, you're still alive.
How did you do it?
Dropped Owen and Ouyang Tomb, two masters
You may not believe it
It was the daughter of the ninja god who helped me
What about Nanako?
He is your reinforcements
Isn't he from Ouyang Tomb?
The traitor will die of betrayal
Just say
Ouyang Tomb doesn't take Cai Caizi seriously
Then next
Am I going to the frontier to report to Zhanwang Chen?
Ah, no need for now
I have a new arrangement temporarily.
You need to execute it for a while.
Could it be that I'm driving around with you?
Let's talk about it first
Although I have a crush on you
But that doesn't mean I like it or anything.
I asked you to take my class
To protect Gao Xiaoyun for a year
Are you sure there are no remnants of Ouyang Tomb?
After threatening Gao Xiaoyun
You go to the frontier to report
That's it.
You and Zhanwang Chen have saved me many times
Just let me do it. I don't want it
Just protect Mr. Gao for me within a year
Okay, you go to meet Sun Mantian now.
He will arrange your life in Gimhae
It's ok.
OK
Then it's time to pick up Mr. Gao and go home to arrange the handover